hey guys welcome to lingua Marina on
this channel we'll learn how not to be
boring in English and today I'm gonna
teach you what to say instead of saying
yes yes yes all the time we're gonna
learn words like okie dokie all right
mm-hmm
all of those words are in this class so
if you're interested in sounding like a
native speaker in stopping using word
yes yes yes all the time continue
watching this video we're gonna start
with the easiest option out there sounds
and body language because I know
sometimes you are so scared when a
native speaker talks to you I remember
the first time I wanted too broad and we
went to Finland and people in Finland
are amazing English language speakers
and the guy when the borders started
talking to me
and I lost my voice I was like oh my god
he's English is amazing what am I
supposed to say and sounds and body
language come to rescue in this
situation so when people ask you
something like are you a tourist on the
border you're gonna say mm-hmm there got
him or if they're asking you are you
alright you can just say this is an okay
sign you can just nod your head we're
discussing crisis situations here so
bear with me we're gonna talk about
worth little later in this video
I just want to explain sounds and
gestures first another sign you're okay
everything is fine like yesterday Dima
and I stopped on a road here in the
village where we are right now and the
policeman was passing by and he was like
are you guys okay instead of shouting or
just yeah we're fine no problem when
you're talking to your friends in
English and you have the sense of your
voice you can actually use your language
there are certain things that you can
say you can say
okey-dokey do you want to go to the
movies today okey-dokey and by the way
pay attention to the question itself
instead of saying do you want to go to
the movie theater today which is a
little formal do you want to go to the
today is a little British and if you
want to be informal and American you say
do you want to go to the movies today
and your informal answer instead of yes
you say okie dokie okie dokie let's do
it
no because of course you can say okay
Veolia my aunt if you follow me on
instagram lingua marina we are hanging
out together a lot and she loves to text
me
ke ke means okay I text her like Lola do
you want to have dinner tonight and she
text me back okay let's do five pm
Kate stands for okay it means the same
as yes
okay all right is another way to replace
yes and there's also word already if you
watch Sex in the City there was this guy
I think he was Charlotte's husband and
he used to say already all the time and
she was like do you want to get married
and he was like alrighty and she was
shocked and he is this worse for
everything like food hobbies whatever
and he is the same word from marriage
and she was really discouraged but
alrighty is another word for yes
alrighty you can also say sounds good
do you want to go out tonight cuz it
sounds good let's do it
sounds good you can say for sure means
you're really eager to do something and
you can say sure thing and this is
something that Americans use a lot
excuse me do you have milk in your store
sure thing it's right there sure thing
okay let's discuss a couple more
informal ways of replacing yes if you
follow me on Instagram I say yep all the
time so yep
yay yeah yep yes totally totes
when I say totes I have this guy in his
20s from California you know blond hair
and he's gonna call and say totes do you
want to go out with me
totes this is again a word used by
American youth I've heard a lot of
American young people use this word
totes instead of totally sure and the
last but not the
least in our informal list as you bet by
the way native speakers both British
people and American people love to be
sarcastic because they're generally
positive people and they like to make
jokes and they like to joke around with
you and if you're a non-native speaker
you can get confused easily I was
confused a lot of times I was like I
thought people were talking seriously to
me and they were talking and I was like
oh my god I didn't get it you can notice
if people are sarcastic if they use
certain words yes of course you need to
pay attention to the context and
intonation but sometimes the words will
tell you if a person is sarcastic and
we're gonna learn some of those words
right now so if a person says yeah yeah
yeah that means no you guys he's being
sarcastic for example you see this house
and you're like Marina do you own this
house and I'm like yeah yeah of course I
own it of course I don't because it's so
expensive it's so beautiful I haven't
earned that yet and this is where he is
yes I'm being sarcastic I say yes but I
mean no yeah sometimes people also say
obviously and they mean no again pay
attention to their intonation do you
have a million dollars obviously of
course ha ha ha
what a funny joke no I don't like this
is the way people would be sarcastic and
of course that might sound different I'm
just showing you one of the examples
obviously sometimes people ask you a
question that is too formal and you're
in this friendly setting and you just
want to highlight that the question is
too formal like have you ever read
Shakespeare in your life and you're like
oh my god we're just discussing movies
and you sort of talking about
Shakespeare you can say affirmative
which means yes but in a sarcastic way
look affirmative I have read Shakespeare
again this is a way of you answering yes
and highlighting that the question was
too formal for a minister and before we
move on to the formal part of this video
I want to remind you guys that I've put
together a book a workbook with a lot of
lists of phrasal verbs idiot
advanced vocabulary that you have to
know in order to move to the next level
of English you can download it below
this video it's English taught online my
workbook please join thousands of
students who are already using it and
let me know in Instagram how you feel
about my workbook he has a lot of
practical exercises so you will be able
to learn things and then also practice
them in your real life so let's wrap up
this video with a couple of formal ways
to say yes the first you can say
certainly you'd say definitely you'd say
of course using gladly like if
somebody's asking you for a favor
like excuse me could you please hold my
baby for five minutes you say gladly I
love babies roughly then you can say
absolutely indeed undoubtly those are
formal ways to say yes that was there
from you guys please thumbs up if you've
learned something new today if you're
not subscribed to this channel this is
one of the mistakes you're making in
your English the red button is below
please smash it subscribe to my channel
and I'm looking forward to seeing you in
my next videos bye bye